Nathan Kroenung

(314) 312-1168
NathanAKroenung@gmail.com
https://github.com/Natedaug

Executive Summary

A highly motivated and creative Web Developer who enjoys solving business needs via technology solutions. Well versed in programming with numerous languages and committed to keeping up with the latest web trends, including HTML, CSS, vanilla Javascript and frontend frameworks.

Technical Summary

HTML, CSS,  JavaScript,  jQuery, Angular, React, Svelte, MySQL, FireBase, MongoDB, Git, Gulp, Webpack, npm, Bootstrap, Foundation, Sass		 

Professional Summary

Work Life Limbo, llc – St. Louis, MO				4/2021 — Present
Software Developer

Highlights
Consulting clients and helping them figure out the requirements of their needs in web development and help them get up and running.
Making websites responsive and mobile friendly using custom CSS3, media queries and/or Bootstrap.
Building websites with HTML, CSS3, JavaScript and/or using CMS of Wordpress or Jekyll
Working on Java/Spring applications


New Balance – St. Louis, MO					10/2017 — 9/2018
Web UI Developer

Highlights
Developed dozens of A/B tests with Javascript and CSS, that offered different UI experiences to users and used Adobe Analytics to track effectiveness in funneling users through the shopping and checking out process.
Created pixel perfect responsive web pages, banners and components across the New Balance E-commerce website.
Developed and scheduled HTML, CSS, Javascript content using the Salesforce CMS 
Worked closely with Design, Site Management and Marketing teams, putting out new web content for campaigns for various New Balance products.
Developed HTML E-mails to help promote campaigns/products.
Investigated and fixed bugs across the site.

Paradowski Creative – St. Louis, MO				7/2016 — 12/2016
Web Developer 

Paradowski Creative is an advertising, digital and promotions agency located in St. Louis, MO. In the past 43 years they have blossomed from a one-man design firm into one of the region’s largest marketing service firms.

Highlights
Worked closely with a design team making carefully crafted photoshop PSD’s and created pixel perfect responsive websites using JavaScript, HTML and CSS3
Planned projects, assessed time and resource needs
Started and developed custom website projects using WordPress with custom PHP, JavaScript and Sass

crescendo, llc – St. Louis, MO					10/2015 — 6/2016
getMADS Software Developer 

getMADS (getMaximizedAppDevSoloutions) is a flexible, affordable software development outsourcing service, which offers its customers software development and software testing solutions via local staff.  As a member of the team, my position included interfacing with team members and product owners to build clean, functional web and software products.

Highlights
Built a full stack web application using GIT, Maven/Gradle, MySQL, Java 8, Spring 4, Hibernate and AngularJS
Backend framework utilizing Java, Spring and Hibernate/JPA to create a RESTful Service that calls JSON to the front-end
Backend data mapping/relationships using JPA and Hibernate annotations.
Creating UI design using AngularJS, HTML, custom CSS3 and Bootstrap CSS framework
Provide applications support, maintenance, debugging and custom coding
Performed data loads/feeds, data mapping and entity creation
Interfaced with Product Owner to elicit requirements and turn them into development specs
Designed and developed custom websites using WordPress, Jekyll and AngularJS


Education
	UMSL
BA Information Technology 